Mr. Ye, I have a good idea
How?
Said that this waste must not be kept
If you want me to see it, just kill it
As for that little extermination
Ye Shao, leave it to me, I promise I can let you buy it.
You old thing
Pretty cruel
Ye Shao
It is my blessing to be able to solve your problems.
I am from the Chu family of the Nanjia family
Please remember that.
Hahaha
roll
Yesha, why are you hitting me?
What are you?
Jumping up and down here
My Ye family's family affairs
When is it your turn to intervene?
Ye Tianci is my big brother
How could I do anything to him?
Hahaha
Let others know that I swear not to kill murderers
How should I behave in the future?
Long Long, how about you?
Yes, for me.
At the end of the road, you are a divine sword master
Surprised by him
Excalibur Flame Box
The owner knows you work for him
What to explain
When do you dare to threaten
Do you think I don't know?
The shopkeeper is long gone
Over the years, executives have been looking for the owner's project
Otherwise this kind of thing will be done
I'll give you one last chance.
Do you have any last words when you die?
You did that, right?
I really have
It's so tacky and brutal
I can't even watch it anymore
If there is anything, let him say it quickly
Do it for me
Greet your mother well.